DOCSP-21243 retryable writes enabled by default (#194)
mongodb/docs-mongodb-shell: source/reference/options.txt

.. option:: --retryWrites

>    Enables :ref:`retryable-writes`. Retryable writes are the default in

Reviewer: Same suggestion from above - how about this to be a bit more transparent that the default is `on/true`?
```suggestion
   Enables :ref:`retryable-writes`. Retryable writes are enabled by default in
```

Author: Done
